feat: trex qem technique (#2934)
unitaryfund/mitiq: docs/source/guide/trex-2-use-case.md

  circuit) and calibration (identity circuits with twirling). The total
  number of circuit executions scales as
  ``num_randomizations * (num_groups + 1)``, where ``num_groups`` is the
  number of commuting groups in the observable.

- **Shot overhead**: Each randomization requires its own set of measurement
  shots. For a fixed total shot budget, increasing the number of
  randomizations decreases the shots per randomization, which introduces
  a trade-off between twirling quality and per-circuit statistical
  precision.

- **Readout error sensitivity**: When readout errors are very large,
  the calibration factors can become small, leading to noisy corrected
  values. In extreme cases, the correction may amplify statistical noise.

## TREX vs REM

| Feature | TREX | REM |
|---------|------|-----|
| Requires confusion matrix | No | Yes |
| Handles correlated errors | Yes | Only with full confusion matrix |
| Model-free | Yes | No |
| Additional circuits needed | Yes (calibration + twirling) | No |
| Scaling | Linear in randomizations | Depends on matrix inversion |

For more information on TREX and other error mitigation techniques, see

> the [QEM Zoo](https://qem-zoo.github.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find more information on TREX on the [QEM Zoo](https://qemzoo.com/technique.html?id=trex).
```

Author: Applied the suggestion — updated the link.
